c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EQ Inventory Parser\EQ Inventory Parser\bin\Debug\EQ Inventory Parser.exe.config
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EQ Inventory Parser\EQ Inventory Parser\bin\Debug\EQ Inventory Parser.exe
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EQ Inventory Parser\EQ Inventory Parser\bin\Debug\EQ Inventory Parser.pdb
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EQ Inventory Parser\EQ Inventory Parser\obj\Debug\EQ Inventory Parser.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EQ Inventory Parser\EQ Inventory Parser\obj\Debug\EQ_Inventory_Parser.MainScreen.resources
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EQ Inventory Parser\EQ Inventory Parser\obj\Debug\EQ_Inventory_Parser.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EQ Inventory Parser\EQ Inventory Parser\obj\Debug\EQ Inventory Parser.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EQ Inventory Parser\EQ Inventory Parser\obj\Debug\EQ Inventory Parser.exe
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EQ Inventory Parser\EQ Inventory Parser\obj\Debug\EQ Inventory Parser.pdb
C:\Users\Michael\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\EQ Inventory Parser\EQ Inventory Parser\obj\Debug\EQ_Inventory_Parser.AddCharacter.resources
C:\Users\Michael\Documents\GitHub\EQ-Inventory-Parser\EQ Inventory Parser\bin\Debug\EQ Inventory Parser.exe.config
C:\Users\Michael\Documents\GitHub\EQ-Inventory-Parser\EQ Inventory Parser\bin\Debug\EQ Inventory Parser.exe
C:\Users\Michael\Documents\GitHub\EQ-Inventory-Parser\EQ Inventory Parser\bin\Debug\EQ Inventory Parser.pdb
C:\Users\Michael\Documents\GitHub\EQ-Inventory-Parser\EQ Inventory Parser\obj\Debug\EQ Inventory Parser.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Michael\Documents\GitHub\EQ-Inventory-Parser\EQ Inventory Parser\obj\Debug\EQ_Inventory_Parser.AddCharacter.resources
C:\Users\Michael\Documents\GitHub\EQ-Inventory-Parser\EQ Inventory Parser\obj\Debug\EQ_Inventory_Parser.MainScreen.resources
C:\Users\Michael\Documents\GitHub\EQ-Inventory-Parser\EQ Inventory Parser\obj\Debug\EQ_Inventory_Parser.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Michael\Documents\GitHub\EQ-Inventory-Parser\EQ Inventory Parser\obj\Debug\EQ Inventory Parser.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\Michael\Documents\GitHub\EQ-Inventory-Parser\EQ Inventory Parser\obj\Debug\EQ Inventory Parser.exe
C:\Users\Michael\Documents\GitHub\EQ-Inventory-Parser\EQ Inventory Parser\obj\Debug\EQ Inventory Parser.pdb
C:\Users\Michael\Documents\GitHub\EQ-Inventory-Parser\EQ Inventory Parser\obj\Debug\EQ_Inventory_Parser.Settings.resources
